a subletter is made from kin skin and
the only difference between the soft
leather and the patent leather is the
finishing process the patent leather is
done through glossy and glossy whereas
the kids give movies with the soft
leather is treated so that it turns out
has a more matte finished material now
this material is still very very durable
and it certainly is one of our most
classic materials to work with but it
can be made more contemporary by
choosing a more contemporary design or
whatever you design and by pairing it
with other kinds of materials in our
range so starting off with something
more classical are these shoes here we
have the brown matte dark tan running
down the sides here and then we've also
paired it with the tan across the top
these little changes totally here help
to lift the shoe up a little bit make a
little bit more dynamic but it's still a
very classical pair of shoes that would
look great with some dark denim another
very simple one of these beautiful
little shoes here so just ballet flats
all black soft leather and these ones
are brought to life really by the
accessories so all the decorations so
here you can see there's just a simple
bow handle and the trim here so great
ones for the office or for walking
around now in terms of making these this
material a little bit edgier I'll show
you these again very contemporary ankle
boots you can see that upper of these
shoes and in fact the platform and the
heel as well are all the software they
in black and they've been picked up or
made a little more edgy with this buckle
design that's coming out the top in the
paint and liver which that little bit of
shine on top of the mat material just
helps to lift these up a little bit and
be a little bit more eye-catching
so that's one way that you can make
yourself a little bit more contemporary
another example of this is through the
kinds of color matching what you do so
here we have again the tan colored soft
leather and then only these lashes here
we've got the dull silver also soft
leather sitting in underneath there
making this out of the one color
material would have kept this to me a
very classic shoe but by putting
something under here and something a
little bit shiny it's just helped to
bring a new aspect to these shoes and
again make them a little bit more
contemporary but I really hope that your
enjoy designing with it